Note in main.handlebars body is our base.html loading to block content endblock
by creating an instance of handlebars using exprhbs we can change the config

Async/await acts as "syntactic sugar" for our code, much like ES6 classes, and help make our Promises more readable. 
To help asynchronous code use async/await, we first add the keyword async to the function that wraps our asynchronous code.

To use await, we'll just add the await keyword before the Promise, as you can see in the following code:
When using await, we can assign the result of the promise to a variable. For example, const response = await fetch();. 
This way, we don't need to use catch() or then() to tell the code what to do after the Promise completes.

Now we can add error handling by using the .ok property on the response object.

 But how do you know someone is logged in as they route to different pages in your app?
  This is where sessions come in handy! Sessions allow our Express.js server to keep track of which user is making a request, 
 and store useful data about them in memory.

 We need to somehow store information about the session on the user's client. 
 We can do so by using HTTP cookies, commonly referred to as simply cookies.

 This why we do not store sensitive information like passwords in cookies.

 We'll store the user's cookies in the database as well so that we can easily re-create the user's session,
  even if our server is offline for any reason.

  npm i express-session connect-session-sequelize
  The express-session library allows us to connect to the back end. 
  The connect-session-sequelize library automatically stores the sessions created by express-session into our database.

  "Super secret secret" should be replaced by an actual secret and stored in the .env file.
   All we need to do to tell our session to use cookies is to set cookie to be {}. 
  If we wanted to set additional options on the cookie, like a maximum age, we would add the options to that object.

  This gives our server easy access to the user's user_id, username, and a Boolean describing whether or not the user is logged in.

  We want to make sure the session is created before we send the response back, so we're wrapping the variables in a callback. 
  The req.session.save() method will initiate the creation of the session and then run the callback function once complete.

  Now that we've given users the ability to log in, we should probably allow them to log out as well. 
  This will entail destroying the session variables and resetting the cookie.

  If a user hasn't logged in to the app, we don't want them to see the comment form or upvote button. 
  We could accomplish this by creating a second template that doesn't include the form; then in the route on the back end,
   we could check the session and respond with one template or the other.

  router.get('/post/:id', (req, res) => {
  if (req.session.loggedIn) {
    res.render('single-post');
  }
  else {
    res.render('single-post-no-form');
  }
});

A simpler solution would be to use another Handlebars.js helper: {{#if}}. 
This helper's syntax resembles the {{#each}} helper and behaves like a JavaScript if statement.

Wait—we made these changes in the main layout, but we're only passing loggedIn to the single-post.handlebars template.
 Fortunately, variables that are passed to view templates are automatically passed to the main layout. 
Thus, the single-post page is already good to go. We just need to update the homepage route to do the same.